---
title: Privacy Policy
layout: privacypolicy

---
CustomerLab, Inc. ("CustomerLab") owns and operates a proprietary
marketing technology platform. Using unique phone numbers with
personalization components combined with database management,
CustomerLab provides networks, advertisers, agencies, publishers
(directly and indirectly "Clients"), and consumers with marketing
automation services (the "Services"). Privacy is important to
CustomerLab and any information that is collected or used is limited to
what is necessary to create and maintain innovative and reliable
Services without compromising the The use of information collected
through CustomerLab Services shall be limited to the purpose of
providing the service for which the Client has engaged CustomerLab, Inc.

**1. CONSUMER PRIVACY:**

What information does CustomerLab collect from consumers?

**Web Services:**

In general, when a consumer uses the CustomerLab services by visiting the website or by calling a unique phone number associated with one of our Clients, CustomerLab collects that consumer's personal information if it is made available by the consumer or by a third party. This information includes limited personal data such as the caller's name, address, phone number and email address. CustomerLab will not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of eighteen.

CustomerLab or its Clients may also set up order forms, questionnaires or other mechanisms through which a consumer may be asked to provide certain information either online or via telephone or other communication medium. CustomerLab will collect such consumer-supplied information. If, however, such communications are initiated by one of CustomerLabs Clients and the Client collects the information, CustomerLab cannot be responsible for that information, though CustomerLab does endeavor to ensure that its Clients maintain reasonable and appropriate privacy policies. Participation in any of these communications is purely voluntary; any consumer not wanting to participate or provide information may decline or terminate contact by navigating away from the web page or hanging up the phone.

When a consumer responds to or views an internet advertisement served by an CustomerLab Client or visits an CustomerLab website, CustomerLab sends one or more cookies to the consumer's computer to uniquely identify that consumers' browser. As is common practice of doing business on the Internet, CustomerLab uses cookies to improve the quality of the Services by storing user preferences and tracking user trends and also to determine how the Services are used and navigated. Cookies that CustomerLab services on third party websites only collect data in the aggregate. While many cookies are automatically deleted at the end of a web session, CustomerLab may use persistent cookies that remain on a specific browser after termination of a session. Any consumer may set their browser to refuse cookies or automatically clear cookies after termination of a session.

**Phone Services:**

CustomerLab provides Client’s with unique telephone numbers to utilize
on websites, emails, mobile or offline promotions. This enables
CustomerLab to both determine what the consumer was viewing when making
a phone call and also personalize the experience for that consumer.
CustomerLab’s phone servers automatically collect the caller ID results
when a consumer calls a number. CustomerLab may also collect usage
information from third-party databases, including the name, address
and/or geographic location of the caller when such information is
available.

In addition, CustomerLab’s phone servers use software that may be
employed on behalf of a Client to record calls. This recorded
information may be evaluated in order to determine the quality of that
call from the Client’s perspective and for training or other purposes.
The recorded information also enables CustomerLab to identify
high-quality calls and collect additional usage data which help improve
the Services and boost sales for Clients.

CustomerLab may also use third-party services or technology for the
transcription or analysis of such recorded information. In the event
that CustomerLab records a call on behalf of a Client, CustomerLab will
ensure that call participants are advised of the existence and intent of
the recording in a manner consistent with applicable state and federal
laws. CustomerLab is not responsible in any way for the accuracy or
validity of the content of any such recordings, and takes no steps to
evaluate such accuracy or validity.

While CustomerLab strongly encourages Clients to adopt responsible
approaches to marketing, CustomerLab is not responsible for the
information practices of Clients or their partners. The collection, use,
and disclosure of information by Clients and their partners are subject
to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from
CustomerLab’s policy.

**What are CustomerLab’s reasons for collecting usage information?**

CustomerLab collects usage information when an internet user clicks on a
link, creates a lead, initiates a phone call, receives a phone call,
makes a purchase on a Client’s website, sends CustomerLab or a Client a
text message, receives a text message from CustomerLab or a Client or
makes an inquiry or a purchase during a phone call to a Client.
Primarily, CustomerLab collects this information for the purpose of
attributing calls back to the originating ads or paying commissions to
third parties and also to personalize the internet or phone user’s
experience. If the internet user revisits the Client’s site directly or
if the phone user calls the Client using the unique phone number again,
CustomerLab is able to continue to track the user’s activities on the
Client’s site and compensate third parties that referred the user.
CustomerLab reserves the right to retain all data as long as may be
reasonably necessary for accounting and audit purposes.

Like most standard Website servers, CustomerLab uses log files to
collect Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, and date/time
stamp. CustomerLab may use the information to analyze site usage,
administer the site, understand usage and navigation trends in
aggregate, and determine the relevance of content. We do link this
automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.

CustomerLab also may develop predictive statistical user profiles of
consumers’ needs and interests by collecting both internet browsing and
online purchase data and phone user data. For improved audience
targeting, some CustomerLab services may use marketing technology to
allow advertisers to supplement non-personally-identifying demographic
information, such as age, gender, area code, or ZIP code, to the
non-identifiable profile data.

CustomerLab may collect personal information, such as consumers’ names,
physical addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and other information
in order to better target campaigns to meet user’s interests and to
provide customized experiences as well as to provide the Services to
Clients. CustomerLab will share this information only as described
herein. CustomerLab will retain this data on behalf of Clients for as
long as needed to provide the Services to that Client. CustomerLab may
also retain and use personal information as necessary to comply with any
legal obligations, resolve disputes and/or enforce agreements.

**Does CustomerLab share usage information with others?**

CustomerLab does not share consumers’ personal information with
companies or individuals outside of CustomerLab except as described
below:

CustomerLab obtains consumer consent by requiring consumers to opt-in
prior to CustomerLab sharing information with CustomerLab’s trusts third
parties. CustomerLab provides information to its subsidiaries,
affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the
purpose of processing personal information on CustomerLab’s behalf.
CustomerLab requires these parties to agree to process such information
only as necessary to provide CustomerLab service, based on CustomerLab’s
instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and other
appropriate confidentiality and security measures. CustomerLab provides
such information to its Clients to enable them to better provide
consumers with information about products or services about which the
consumer may be inquiring. CustomerLab may share personal information
with our affiliates and other third parties to provide consumers with
goods or services requested by them. CustomerLab may share personal
information in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change
in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or
liquidation of CustomerLab. In this case, consumers will be notified via
a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of
consumer’s personal information, as well as any choices consumers may
have regarding their personal information. CustomerLab may release
personal information when it believes such release is appropriate to
respond to a subpoena or to otherwise comply with the law, enforce or
apply CustomerLab’s Terms of Service and other agreements or protect the
rights, property or safety of CustomerLab or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection.

**Can a consumer opt-out of providing information?**

For consumers accessing the CustomerLab Services through the internet,
some of its cookies may have an "opt-out" option. This process does not
remove the CustomerLab cookie from a consumer’s system; it simply
replaces the cookie with an opt-out cookies that does not contain any
unique identifiers. Some of CustomerLab’s cookies do not have an
"opt-out" option, but consumers always have the option of blocking the
use of cookies by changing a setting in their internet browser.
CustomerLab does not maintain a process for an individual consumer to
opt-out of an CustomerLab ad serving cookie. However, any consumer may
set their browser to refuse cookies or automatically clear cookies after
termination of a session.

With regard to phone services, consumers are able to submit their phone
numbers to "do-not-call" registries. CustomerLab will use its best
efforts to observe do-not-call registries in any call campaign it
performs or facilitates. However, consumers who have opted-in to receive
such messages, either with a Client or with CustomerLab, shall not be
subject to any do-not-call restriction.

CustomerLab also partners with third-party ad networks to either display
advertising on the CustomerLab website or to manage its advertising on
other sites. These ad network partner(s) may use cookies and web beacons
to collect non-personal information about a user’s activities on
websites to provide the user with targeted advertising based upon its
interests. If a user wishes to not have this information used for the
purpose of being served targeted ads, a user may opt-out by clicking
here (or if located in the European Union click here). Please note this
does not opt a user out of being served all advertising. The user will
continue to receive generic ads.

**Can a consumer access the personal information acquired by
CustomerLab?**

CustomerLab’s services are not directed toward individual consumers.
CustomerLab collects personal information only on behalf of our Clients
to provide them a service. CustomerLab may transfer personal information
to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent
third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients. If
you are a customer of one of CustomerLab’s Clients and would no longer
like to be contacted by a Client that uses the CustomerLab Services,
please contact that Client directly as that Client controls such data.
CustomerLab has no direct relationship with the individuals whose
personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access to or
otherwise seeks to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data should
direct such inquiry to CustomerLab’s Client. If you do contact
CustomerLab regarding such a request, CustomerLab will respond within
sixty days.

**2. CLIENT PRIVACY**

What information does CustomerLab collect from its Clients?  
CustomerLab collects personal information from all of our Clients, which
include networks, agencies, advertisers and publishers. The collection
of this information is part of CustomerLab’s normal business practices.
Advertisers or their representatives will be asked to provide personal
information through the sign up and registration process either directly
by CustomerLab or indirectly through a network or agency partner. This
information may include name, address, phone number, hours of operation,
coverage areas and email address.

Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by
CustomerLab and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or
third party administrative. These technologies are used in analyzing
trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the
site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a
whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by
these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.

We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 or Flash to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html

When using the CustomerLab Services, Clients may enter third-party
personal information on the platform, such as entering another user’s
email. This information is only used to provide the Client access to the
system and is not used for any other purpose.

**How does CustomerLab use its Clients’ information?**

Much of the information collected from Clients is required to be
collected for administrative needs, such as accounting and performance
reporting. Periodically, CustomerLab may use Clients’ information to
communicate via email newsletters or other avenues to offer strategic
marketing information and other communications to assist in
business-related activities. Clients can opt-out from future
communications by clicking on the unsubscribe links in such emails.

Please note that under the CAN-SPAM Act, an advertiser is required to
provide an opt-out mechanism for consumers to unsubscribe from future
emails from the advertiser. CustomerLab is committed to proper Internet
practices and full compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. §
7701). It is CustomerLab’s policy to prohibit the sending of unsolicited
or "Spam" e-mail by CustomerLab or any of its marketing partners.

Except as otherwise provided, CustomerLab keeps all personal data
provided by individual Clients in strict confidence and treats such data
with the same level of care and respect that CustomerLab treats its own
proprietary information. We do not sell, rent, exchange or barter any
personal Client information to or with any third party for financial
gain or marketing purposes. CustomerLab may, from time to time, provide
personal information to certain third-party administrative vendors for
efficient purposes in providing administrative or program management
services. Examples include an email service provider, marketing
solutions provider and a blog provider. Any third-party vendor so used
has agreed to protect the confidentiality of information provided by
CustomerLab.

CustomerLab may also share information in connection with the sale,
merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial asset,
reorganization or liquidation of CustomerLab.

CustomerLab may release information when it believes release is
appropriate to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law,
to enforce or apply CustomerLab’s Terms of Service and other agreements
or to protect the rights, property, or safety of CustomerLab or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection.

**Can a client opt out of providing information?**

Collecting information from Clients is required as a part of doing
business. CustomerLab’s primary intent in collecting information is for
administrative purposes. However, it may periodically use collected
information for marketing and communication purposes targeted to our
Clients. Clients wishing not to receive such communications may do so by
informing their designated CustomerLab representative in writing at any
time or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the promotional
communication.

When a Client logs on to any browser-based CustomerLab reporting system,
a cookie is placed within their computer. The cookie allows us to
validate the Client’s identity and maintain the security and privacy of
the Client’s account data. This cookie does not contain any personal
information. It is required to log into CustomerLab’s reporting systems
and there is no method to opt-out of this cookie.

If you are a Client, and would like the personal information CustomerLab
holds about you corrected, updated or deleted, please contact
legal@useCustomerLab.com or contact your designated CustomerLab
representative. CustomerLab will respond to your request to access
information within 30 days.

**DATA RETENTION**

CustomerLab retains all information for as long as a Client’s account is
active or as needed to provide Services to the Client. If a Client
wishes to cancel an account or request that CustomerLab no longer use
information to provide the Services, contact legal@useCustomerLab.com.
CustomerLab will retain and use a Client’s information as necessary to
comply with any legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any
agreements.

**3. GENERAL:**

**Public Forums:**

CustomerLab’s website offers publically accessible blogs or community
forums. Any user of the CustomerLab website should be aware that any
information provided in these areas may be read, collected and used by
others who access these sites. To request removal of any personal
information from the CustomerLab blog or other community forum, contact
legal@useCustomerLab.com. In some cases, CustomerLab may not be able to
remove the personal information, in which case CustomerLab will respond
accordingly. CustomerLab will only post Client testimonials with the
Client’s consent to do so.

Our blog is also managed by a third party application that may require
you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of
the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login
into the third party application if you want the personal information
that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third
party application uses your information, please review their privacy
policy.

**Links to other websites:**

The CustomerLab website and platform may include links to other websites
whose privacy practices may differ from those of CustomerLab. If a user
submits personal information to any of those sites, that user’s
information is governed by that third party’s privacy statements. We
encourage users to carefully read the privacy statement of any website
it visits.

**Social Media Widgets:**

CustomerLab’s corporate website (www.useCustomerLab.com) includes Social
Media Features and Widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button and the
"Share This" button, or other interactive mini-programs that run on the
site. These Features may collect a user’s IP address and the page a user
visits on the site and may also set a cookie to enable the Feature to
function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted
by a third party or hosted directly on the CustomerLab website. A user’s
interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of
the company providing them.

**How does CustomerLab protect the security of personal information?**

CustomerLab takes appropriate security measures to protect against
unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or
destruction of data. When a user enters sensitive information (such as
login information), CustomerLab encrypts the transmission of that
information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Any data stored
on CustomerLab’s servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and
is not available to the public. CustomerLab restricts access to personal
information to those employees or third parties who have a need to know
such information for the purpose of effectively delivering CustomerLab
products and Services by means of user login and password requirements.
CustomerLab routinely evaluates its data security practices to identify
security threats or opportunities for improvement.

No transmission of data over the Internet or the phones is guaranteed to
be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the
control of CustomerLab to intercept or access transmissions or private
communications unlawfully. While CustomerLab strives to protect users’
personal information, it cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
information a user transmits.

**How are changes made to the Privacy Policy?**

CustomerLab may find it necessary or be legally obligated to update this
Privacy Policy from time to time. When it does update this policy,
CustomerLab will post those changes on this page and update the
effective date so that everyone is aware of the information that is
collected, how CustomerLab uses it and under what circumstances
CustomerLab discloses it. Except as otherwise required by law,
modifications to this Privacy Policy will not affect the privacy of data
collected by CustomerLab prior to the effective date of the policy
change. If CustomerLab makes any material changes, CustomerLab will
notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your
account) or by means of a notice within the Services platform or the
corporate website prior to the changes becoming effective. CustomerLab
encourages all users to periodically review this page for the latest
information on CustomerLab’s privacy practices.

**What are CustomerLab’s policies regarding children and SPAM?**

The CustomerLab Services are not developed for or directed at children.
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to do business
with CustomerLab and it does not collect personal information from any
person it actually knows is under the age of 18. If you believe your
child has provided CustomerLab with any personally identifiable data,
please contact legal@useCustomerLab.com to have that user removed.

**Safe Harbor Compliance:**

The European Union ("EU") maintains strict privacy laws. These rules
differ significantly from U.S. laws. To reconcile these differences, the
United States and the EU have created a Safe Harbor that defines
mutually acceptable privacy operations for personal data transferred
from the EU to the United States. The U.S. and Switzerland have created
a similar, but separate Safe Harbor that defines mutually acceptable
privacy operations for personal data transferred from Switzerland to the
United States. CustomerLab complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor
Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the
collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union
member countries. CustomerLab has certified that it adheres to the Safe
Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security,
data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe
Harbor program, and to view CustomerLab’s certification, please visit
http://export.gov/safeharbor.

**Contact Customer Lab:**

For more information or if you have questions or concerns regarding the CustomerLab Privacy Policy, please contact legal@usecallbox.com or send correspondence to the following address: 9068406 Canada Inc, 925 De Maisonneuve Ouest, H3A0A5, Suite #335, Montreal, Quebec, Canada

Last Updated: January 08, 2020