---
title: "Arbitration"
layout: "termsconditions"
---

This agreement is between CastomerLab, Inc (“we,” “us” or “CastomerLab”) and you (“you”), as an authorized user of any service offered by CastomerLab (individually and collectively, the “Services”) and governs the terms and conditions of your use of the Services. The Services are provided to you under these Terms of Service, our privacy policy (www.useCastomerLab.com/privacy-policy), and any operating rules and/or policies that we may publish from time to time (collectively, the “Agreement”), and you agree you are a direct party to those agreements, rules and policies. This Agreement and such policies constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all prior agreements between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein.

**1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS**

​1. BY USING ANY OF THE SERVICES, YOU CONFIRM YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF, AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THIS AGREEMENT.

​2. We may amend the Agreement at any time, and such amended Agreement
will automatically be effective seven (7) days after we have posted the
amended Agreement on our website. Your continued use of the Services
will constitute acceptance of the amended Agreement, and no other
Agreement version will be effective or enforceable against us.

​3. The rights granted to you under this Agreement are expressly
non-exclusive. You may not sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise
transfer or agree to transfer all or any portion of those rights without
our prior written consent.

​4. We may amend the Agreement at any time, and such amended Agreement
will automatically be effective seven (7) days after we have posted the
amended Agreement on our website. Your continued use of the Services
will constitute acceptance of the amended Agreement, and no other
Agreement version will be effective or enforceable against us.

**2. REQUIREMENTS FOR CASTOMERLAB SERVICES**

1.You must either: (i) enter into a separate agreement with us
describing the specific terms and conditions of the Services to be
provided to you, or (ii) complete the registration process made
available to you by us or by our partner(s), and such registration must
be approved by us. Such separate agreement or registration process may
be in one or more different formats and may be made available to you
either online or offline, subject to change without prior notice.

​2. Our Services are offered only to parties that can legally enter into
and sign binding contracts. By accepting the terms of this Agreement,
you represent and warrant to us that you are age eighteen (18) or older
and the authorized signatory

​3. In consideration of the Services, you agree to: (i) provide current,
complete, and accurate information about your identity, location,
contact information, internet access and telecommunications Services as
are required by us to provide our Services; (ii) maintain and update the
information as required to keep such information current, complete, and
accurate; (iii) use our Services only in accordance with applicable law;
(iv) comply with Canadas law regarding the transmission of technical
data exported from the Canadas through our Services; (v) not use our
Services for illegal purposes; (vi) not interfere with or disrupt
networks connected to our Services; (vii) comply with all regulations,
policies and procedures of networks connected to our Services; and
(viii) with respect to our Services, transfer calls only to legitimate
recipients and/or destinations.

**3. CASTOMERLAB SERVICES**

​1. When using the Services, you shall be subject to any posted
guidelines, rules, or licenses applicable to such Services, this
Agreement, or any other separate agreement between us. Such guidelines,
rules, or licenses may contain terms and conditions in addition to those
described in this Agreement.

​2. We may refuse the Services to anyone at any time, in our sole
discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, any or all of the Services to you, including by shutting
down phone numbers, at any time, provided we will make reasonable
efforts to notify you within twenty-four (24) hours of doing so.
However, we reserve the right to discontinue any or all of your use of
the Services immediately and with no prior or subsequent notice required
if we suspect you may be in breach of your obligations under this
Agreement. We will refund you any unused amounts we have charged you for
prepaid Services that we discontinued; as such amounts are determined by
us in our discretion. We shall not be liable to you or any third-party
for any termination of your access to the Services except as
specifically set forth in this Agreement.

​3. You agree that we will not be liable for damages (including
consequential or special damages) arising out of any change of assigned
telephone number(s), and you hereby waive any claims with respect to any
such change, whether based on contractual, tort or other grounds, even
if we have been advised of the possibility of damages. We reserve the
right to withdraw telephone numbers from Services at our discretion when
we determine that a telephone number is receiving insufficient use. You
acknowledge that our policies and practices with regard to recapturing
and repurposing telephone numbers may change from time-to-time at our
discretion.

​4. We will only use your information in accordance with our Privacy
Policy, which is a part of this Agreement.

​5. We shall take all steps we deem reasonably necessary to shield you
from any personally identifiable information of a party calling a number
utilized in the Services, including without limitation personal
information of such caller (as described in our Privacy Policy), caller
ID information, and any recordings of any calls utilized in connection
with the Services.

​6. The Services are designed to be used in conjunction with local
exchange telephone, wireless telephone, or equivalent telecommunications
services that the Member procures from a third-party provider rather
than as a substitute or replacement for such third-party
telecommunications services. EMERGENCY SERVICES CANNOT BE ACCESSED BY
ORIGINATING CALLS TO 911 USING THE SERVICES. You understand and
acknowledge that emergency services cannot be accessed by originating
calls to 911 using the Services. You understand and acknowledge that you
must have and use a different means of contacting 911 emergency
services.

​7. Neither us nor any of our affiliates, subsidiaries, parent
companies, agents, network services providers, contractors, suppliers,
partners, officers, directors or employees are or will be liable to any
extent or in any manner whatsoever for the inability of persons to
access emergency services by originating a call to 911 using the
Services. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT,
YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS US, OUR AFFILIATES,
SUBSIDIARIES, PARENT COMPANIES, AGENTS, NETWORK SERVICE PROVIDERS,
CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES FROM AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL LOSSES,
CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, EXPENSES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ATTORNEYS’
FEES), PENALTIES, FINES, DEATH, INJURY TO PERSONS OR DAMAGES TO TANGIBLE
PROPERTY ARISING BY VIRTUE OF OR RELATING TO THE ABSENCE OF 911 SERVICE
AND/OR THE INABILITY OF MEMBER OR ANY THIRD PERSON OR PARTY TO BE ABLE
TO DIAL 911 USING THE SERVICES. This Section 3 shall survive termination
of this Agreement.

**4. TERM OF AGREEMENT**

The Services are offered on an open-ended basis for a term that begins
on the date your Services are activated and you accept the Agreement
(the “activation date”). This Agreement shall be deemed to be
perpetually in effect without further action by you or by us unless
either a) we terminate the provision of Services to you or b) you give
us written notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to the
intended date of termination for which notice is given.

If you terminate Services prior to the end of a campaign or otherwise
defined term, you may be responsible for charges incurred by you
subsequent to such termination, including without limitation unbilled
charges, all of which immediately become due and payable.

Expiration of the term or termination of Services does not excuse you
from paying all unpaid, accrued charges.

**5.TERM OF AGREEMENT**

We or our partner(s) will charge you fees in accordance with the terms
of either: (i) a separate agreement, or (ii) the registration process
you complete. Unless otherwise Provinced, all fees are quoted in U.S.
dollars. You are responsible for paying all fees associated with using
the Services and all applicable taxes.

When a credit card is on file, we reserve the right to charge the credit
for ALL OUTSTANDING amounts owned in association with the account on
file, until said balance is paid in full. The company also has a right
to amounts held in escrow via merchant partners, no notice is required
for the company to access reserve funds held by the processing partners,
these funds will become immediately available to the company once an
amount is overdue. Customer will pay all charges incurred in connection
with the Program, in immediately available funds or as otherwise
approved by CastomerLab, within a commercially reasonable time period
specified by CastomerLab.

Late payments bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the
highest rate permitted by law, if less). Charges are exclusive of taxes.
Customer will pay (i) all taxes and other government charges and (ii)
reasonable expenses and attorneys’ fees CastomerLab incurs in collecting
late payments. Charges are solely based on CastomerLab’s measurements
for the Programs and the applicable billing metrics (e.g., pay per
call). Any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid
in full. No party may offset any payment due under these Terms against
any other payment to be made under these Terms.

**6. PAYMENT**

When a credit card is on file, we reserve the right to charge the credit
for ALL OUTSTANDING amounts owned in association with the account on
file, until said balance is paid in full. The company also has a right
to amounts held in escrow via merchant partners, no notice is required
for the company to access reserve funds held by the processing partners,
these funds will become immediately available to the company once an
amount is overdue. Customer will pay all charges incurred in connection
with the Program, in immediately available funds or as otherwise
approved by CastomerLab, within a commercially reasonable time period
specified by CastomerLab.

Late payments bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per month (or the
highest rate permitted by law, if less). Charges are exclusive of taxes.
Customer will pay (i) all taxes and other government charges and (ii)
reasonable expenses and attorneys’ fees CastomerLab incurs in collecting
late payments. Charges are solely based on CastomerLab’s measurements
for the Programs and the applicable billing metrics (e.g., pay per
call). Any portion of a charge not disputed in good faith must be paid
in full. No party may offset any payment due under these Terms against
any other payment to be made under these Terms.

**7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY; LIMITED LICENSE TO USERS**

The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, patent, and/or other
intellectual property laws, and any unauthorized use of the Services may
violate such laws and this Agreement. Except as expressly provided
herein, we do not grant any express or implied rights to use the
Services. You agree not to copy, republish, frame, download, transmit,
modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign, distribute, license,
sublicense, reverse engineer, or create derivative works based on the
Services, except as expressly authorized herein.

**8. MODIFICATIONS OF CASTOMERLAB SERVICES**

​1. We reserve the right to terminate or modify individual features of
our Services from time to time with or without notice. In the event we
opt to send written notice to you detailing such termination or
modification, an email will be sent to the email address you most
recently provided to us. Any such termination or modification will take
effect upon the date of such written notice or such later date as
specified therein. We are not responsible for confirming the receipt of
any such notification.

​2. We may, in our sole discretion, determine the extent, if any, to
which any such modifications may impact the charges for the Services,
but we shall not have any obligation to adjust the charges by reason of
any such modifications.

​3. We shall not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise
our right to modify or terminate our Services or any feature of such
Services.

**9. YOUR CONDUCT**

​1. Your use of the Services is subject to all applicable local,
Province, national and international laws and regulations.

​2. You shall be fully liable for all use of your account, including any
unauthorized use of such account by any third party. We bear no
responsibility for communications received by you from third persons
while using the Services or any use of any person’s telecommunications
services, including but not limited to, your telecommunications services
in connection with the use of the Services.

​3. You shall be fully liable for all use of your account, including any
unauthorized use of such account by any third party. We bear no
responsibility for communications received by you from third persons
while using the Services or any use of any person’s telecommunications
services, including but not limited to, your telecommunications services
in connection with the use of the Services.

​4. You shall not interfere with any other client’s use and enjoyment of
the Services.

​5. You shall not use the Services to commit fraud or to promote any
product or service that is illegal, pornographic or involves any adult
services (whether or not legal).

​6. You shall not use the Services to post on any website (whether
hosted by you or that we host on your behalf) any content that is
illegal, any content that violates the trademarks, copyrights or other
intellectual property rights of a third party, any content that contains
any adult or s

​7. You shall not use the Services to offer products or services to, or
to collect information from, any child under the age of 13.

​8. When you post content (“User Content”) on our website or any webpage
(whether hosted by you or that we host on your behalf), you represent
and warrant: (1) that you are the owner of all User Content or that you
have a license permitting you to post such content; (2) that the User
Content is not illegal, false, defamatory or misleading in any way; and
(3) that the User Content is not for the purpose of offering products or
services to children under the age of 13.

​9. We may, in our discretion, terminate the Services we provide you
without notice if you fail to observe and comply with the terms of this
Agreement. Failure on our part to actively terminate your account
following any violation by you of this Agreement shall not constitute a
waiver of our right to terminate and shall not prevent us from
terminating you account, consistent with this Agreement, at any point
for past and/or current violations of Agreement.

**10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

​1. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether expressed
or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

​2. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements,
or that the Services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error
free; nor do we make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained
from the use of our Services or as to the accuracy or reliability of any
information obtained through our Services, or that defects in our
Services will be corrected.

​3. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any
technical problems you may experience while using the Services.

**11. ACCEPTANCE OF CHARGES**

All charges to the Users will be deemed just 15 days following the
effective charge date of the Users. It is the responsibility of the
Users to dispute in writing all or part of said charges, as well as
provide the reasonable basis therefore, within the 15 day grace period.
Failure to do so will result in the tacit approval of the Users to said
charges. This includes but is not limited to ALL TRANSACTIONS by the
Users within the authorized use of The Services and OR any indirect
usage. The parties will investigate and resolve any dispute in a timely
and reasonable manner.

**12. ACCEPTANCE OF CHARGES**

All charges to the Users will be deemed just 15 days following the
effective charge date of the Users. It is the responsibility of the
Users to dispute in writing all or part of said charges, as well as
provide the reasonable basis therefore, within the 15 day grace period.
Failure to do so will result in the tacit approval of the Users to said
charges. This includes but is not limited to ALL TRANSACTIONS by the
Users within the authorized use of The Services and OR any indirect
usage. The parties will investigate and resolve any dispute in a timely
and reasonable manner.

**13. ACCEPTANCE OF CHARGES**

​1. The Services are reliant upon independent services provided by
third-parties that are beyond our control. The loss or interruption of
any one of those independent services may prevent the Services from
operating. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to manage all
communications initiated by you and/or intended for you during any loss
or interruption of such independent services.

​2. Such independent services interruptions may include, but are not
limited to: Power outages; Internet Service Provider outages;
Telecommunications services provider outages; Outages due to suspension
of your account; and Outages due to your failure to maintain the
services used in conjunction with the Services.

​3. We shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in performance
that results from causes beyond its reasonable control (“Force Majeure
Events”), whether or not foreseeable by such party. Such Force Majeure
Events include, but are not limited to, adverse weather conditions,
flood, fire, explosion, earthquake, volcanic action, power failure,
embargo, boycott, war, revolution, civil commotion, act of public
enemies, labor unrest (including, but not limited to, strikes, work
stoppages, slowdowns, picketing or boycotts), inability to obtain
equipment, parts, licenses, software or repairs thereof, acts or
omissions of the other party, and acts of God.

​4. Our ability to perform our obligations under this Agreement is
dependent upon the availability of equipment and services from third
parties (collectively, the “Vendors”) with whom we have contracted for
the provision of telecommunications, internet services and equipment,
and other third-party services used by us when providing the Services.
You agree that we shall not be in breach of our obligations to you
hereunder if we are prevented from performing such obligations by reason
of the breach or other failure by any such Vendor to perform its
obligations to us in accordance with the terms of such Vendor’s
agreement with us.

**14. INDEMNIFICATION**

You shall indemnify, defend, and hold us, our parent(s), subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, directors, and employees free and harmless from
any and all claims, costs, damages, and expenses (including but not
limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees), which arise from or are related
to any act or omission by you in connection with the use of the
Services, including but not limited to, any such claims, costs, damages,
and expenses arising from or related to your violation of any terms of
this Agreement, your violation of any applicable law, rule, or
regulation, or any infringement by you (or any other person using the
Services in reliance on your rights under this Agreement) of any
intellectual property or other rights of any other person. This Section
12 shall survive termination of this Agreement.



